{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1055{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs28\lang9\par
Journalism in Arab Spring and Role of Social Media\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\b0\fs24 Ruzgar Ata Ozkan\par
1733934\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang1033\par
\lang9\tab The Arab Spring started in late 2010 in reaction to tyrannical governments and The poor standard of life, starting with protests in Tunisia. As it is started at Tunus, anti-government protests spread accross the country because of the low standard life-style and political regimes has spreaded fully in the half of the arab island. Some of the people across the arab also call it imperialist restoration in middle east. Tunisia is an interesting country. It has a long history. It has been one of the Ottoman provinces for a while. To summarize its history briefly, to declare its independence in 1956, which lived under the sovereignty of countries such as Carthaginians, Romans, Byzantine Empire, Arabs, Ottoman Empire and France. The history of the Republic, where ages with different origins lived, has reached a short history. France has a great contribution to this. Except for the North African country, it takes soldiers at the confluence of Arupa and the African continent. Both geographically as well as the development of democracy can be compared to even some aspects of democracy outside Tunisia Turkey is history. Turkey is also the confluence with the Asian continent Arup. \par
\tab Summary Arup limit Tunisia's African, Asian border is Turkey. We see the beginning of the Arab Spring (We call it Yasemin Derimi) in Tunisia as a natural beginning. Because democracy is developing in the country. There has been a rush of editing, pre-emption and orientation for the processes experienced in countries after Tunisia. The imperialist countries have been in a hurry to take advantage of their long-term policies that they have been pursuing for years. According to the determinations of the famous journalist H\'fcsn\'fc Mahalli, TUNISIA - LIBYA - EGYPT - YEMEN - SYRIA, which is the subject of the Arab Spring, it is so interesting that all of them were inspired by the Atat\'fcrk Republic and their government is the Republic based on the Parliamentary system. In these aspects, they differ from the Gulf countries (Qatar, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bayrain, Kuwait). Gulf countries are ruled by monarchy. In these countries, which are rich in oil and whose annual per capita income is very high, social life standards should be very high, on the contrary, they are poor in democracy. It is easier to influence and manipulate governments in countries ruled by monarchy. Instead of a crowded parliamentary group, decisions are usually taken by one person. Public participation in management is very low. The reasons for the "Democracy Coming to Arab Countries" shout that took place in the world media during the Arab Spring need serious scrutiny. \par
\tab It is painful for the media to scream instead of mirroring those who are trying to bring democracy to an elected part, ignoring the poor democracy in some of the countries in the same geography and all of them of Arab origin. While some of these countries, which are located at almost the same latitude and longitude, are experiencing very bloody internal turmoil, it is thought-provoking that other countries remain bystander. In some sources, it is stated that these audience members financed the internal turmoil. Syria was the last stop of the Arab Spring uprisings that started in Tunisia in 2010. The next step is to increase one more country. This is Iran. e Iran is Syria's neighbor Turkey. Interestingly enough, their regime is also the Republic. We can't help but say that. Which Republic country is next after Syria? Or is Syria the last stop? We would like to focus everyone on finding the cause of this problem for a while. It is claimed that 100-150,000 Isidians live in each of the countries where the Arab Spring is experienced. It is believed that these organizations, allegedly financed by the Gulf countries, were settled here by taking advantage of the turmoil that arose after the Arab Spring. These countries are very likely to be the scene of terrorist attacks in the coming years, and it seems inevitable that these countries will drift into different instabilities for many years. It is also frightening that the race-based chaos that accelerated in this process in this region is a suitable element to be fueled in the future. The low per capita national income of the countries experiencing the Arab Spring, the limited underground resources (oil, mining, etc.) and the undeveloped industry of the countries, and the demolition of the democracy demands of the people, albeit slowly, support our prediction. Remembering the historical process of the "Mediterranean" Union "initiatives that France has been trying to establish for years, we would like to conclude our article by bringing to your attention that these countries, which live in this geography from North Africa to the Persian Gulf, have not been able to form a union within themselves. In this context, our country should rapidly increase its cooperation with the countries of the Arab Spring (Yasemin Derimi, in our opinion), which are admirers of the Atat\'fcrk Republic, should be its foreign policy priorities. In this information, social media have been acclaimed as the driving force behind the fast spreading of change throughout the world, As recent protests happen in reaction to success stories shared from those taking place in different nations. In some countries, these governments have also acknowledged the importance of social media for organizing and have turned down certain websites or blocked Internet delivery altogether, particularly at those moments preceding a major rally . Governments take also scrutinized or suppressed communication at those forums through accusing content makers of unrelated offenses or closing down connection on particular websites or groups, , e.g., through Facebook. While the technological improvements hit the arap island with social media, the riot is one of the first and few revolutions that has been affected by the social media and the arap spring movement has become a high-value target for the academic and media because of the traffic and transmission with images videos through social media and it has been spreaded among journalists and it was a new thing for them. Some of the protests has begin by the communications that has occured between activists and journalists. One of the main things that advocate the protest against government is that the Mohamed Bouazizi set himself fire and  the good representation of the footages of the journalists accross the country. A recent academic research shows that user-generated content in the news world has mostly positive effects so journalist's behaviour during the Arab spring might be benefitial as they were using footages and videos and images from the social media sometimes.  Again recent academic research has also focused on the innovative uses of social, digital and online media in journalistic practice (see Heinrich, 2011; Hermida, 2010; Deuze, 2003). But other researches has discovered that journalism and their values and the news genre has been affected by the new new meda toola and medua users. While most of the media organs were under the government pressure in the country they also joined the protests by helping them. Bowman and Willis (2003: 9) have suggested that the consequences that led to the new technological alterations such as blogging, citizen journalism and alternative media has been appeared from mostly the citizens rather then the proffesional media groups during the riot and the critical thing that these events are allowed for reporting, analysing and disseminating information of a global scale. Many of the things which has been published were about how the journalism changed were depending on the technological and instituional changes. the interactivity  between professional journalism and the user generated content was at steak for discussion because the online sphere was started being used by the mainstream media during the spring and that was the thing that created the pose. several major news organizations, such as CNN and Al Jazeera has been denied from entering libya because of the restrictions that occur from the dangers, for example for journalists using their real names was too risky for them. Thus the overall evaluation of journalism could suggest that it has been difficult to provide checked news since the protests started due to the restrictions imposed. Social media had a big impact on the conflicts by helping carrying out the information althouh the governmental restrictions on it. Most of the media agents were on the side of the government. In the name of demo-cracy itself, information warfare is usually being led, so public support is essential to its conduct Cottle. (1995). Mediatized Conflicts. \par
To Conclude, The low per capita national income of the countries experiencing the Arab Spring, the limited underground resources (oil, mining, etc.) and the undeveloped industries, and the demise of the democracy demands of the peoples, albeit slowly, support our prediction.\par
It is painful for the media to scream instead of mirroring those who are trying to bring democracy to an elected part, ignoring the poor democracy in some of the countries in the same geography and all of them of Arab origin.\par
Remembering the historical process of the "Mediterranean" Union "initiatives that France has been trying to establish for years, we would like to conclude our article by bringing to your attention that these countries, which live in this geography from North Africa to the Persian Gulf, have not been able to form a union within themselves.\par
It is believed that these organizations, allegedly financed by the Gulf countries, were settled here by taking advantage of the turmoil that arose after the Arab Spring.\par
The social media\par
 has allowed the opposition to penetrate into remote and isolated areas that are not directly linked to the core of the protests, with the proliferation of the social networking infrastructure and its spread throughout the country. Protesters opened a new page during the Arab Uprisings on the socio-political value of social media and its effect on the field of global identity. Social media has not only been the spaces where young people meet and elements of famous city since the Arab Revolts.\par
\f1\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b REFERENCES:\b0\f0\fs24\par
\b\f1 1\fs22 . \b0\f0\fs24 M&C_13_WJ_KAS book on conflict reporting (Pdf) (1).pdf\par
\b 2. \b0 M&C_1_[Simon_Cottle]_Mediatized_Conflicts_(1).pdf\f1\fs22\par
}
 